GitBook-Docs/dapp/nft-collections/miners.md, before:

# ⛏ Miners

#### In the upcoming months we will release  our highly anticipated Miners NFT Collection. This unique collection will feature a range of Miner NFTs, each with their own set of unique properties based on rarity.

#### The Miners NFT Collection is a part of the next stage of development of our main game - Jax Miners and will offers a truly unique utilization and experience for our community, as each Miner NFT will have its own distinct mining rate, will be able to own Lands where to build Mines and the ability to hire workers for the Mines he owns, and many other properties which will be revealed when the time comes. With such a diverse range of properties, in the future collectors can tailor their mining operations to their own personal preferences and optimize their strategy for success.

#### In addition to the unique properties offered by each Miner NFT, holders of these NFTs will also gain exclusive access to a range of exciting benefits and privileges. This includes access to private events, a special Discord role, and weekly rewards and events that are only available to holders of Miners NFTs.

#### Join our [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/dPNE6fK4S4) and stay tuned for the release of the Miners NFT Collection, exclusively on Jax World.

Commit message:

GITBOOK-91: change request with no subject merged in GitBook

GitBook-Docs/dapp/nft-collections/miners.md, after:

# ⛏ Miners

#### In the upcoming months we will release  our highly anticipated Miners NFT Collection. This unique collection will feature a range of Miner NFTs, each with their own set of unique properties based on rarity.

#### The Miners NFT Collection is a part of the next stage of development of our main game - Jax Miners and will offers a truly unique utilization and experience for our community, as each Miner NFT will have its own distinct mining rate, will be able to own Lands where to build Mines and the ability to hire workers for the Mines he owns, and many other properties which will be revealed when the time comes. With such a diverse range of properties, in the future collectors can tailor their mining operations to their own personal preferences and optimize their strategy for success.

#### In addition to the unique properties offered by each Miner NFT, holders of these NFTs will also gain exclusive access to a range of exciting benefits and privileges. This includes access to private events, a special Discord role, community rewards and events.

#### Join our [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/dPNE6fK4S4) and stay tuned for the release of the Miners NFT Collection and all updates related with Jax World.
